Where are you from ?
Where do you live ?
How many siblings do you have ?
Are you in a relationship ?
What do you do ?
Do you have any nicknames ?
Where do you study ?
How old are you ?
What your favourite color ?
What your favourite food ?
What your favourite movie ?
What your favourite TV show ?
What your favourite game ?
How tall are you ?
What your weight ?
Who was your first crush ?
Who was your first partner ?
What is your birth of date ?
What are your future plans ?
Do you like or hate your job ?
What your hobby ?
What are your talents ?
If you were to wish for superpowers, what would they be ?
What would your superhero name be ?
What team would you join after becoming an superhero ? (Avengers, Justice League etc)
Would you reveal your identity to the world ?
If you had superpowers, would you misuse them for your own purposes ?
How would your superhero costume look like ?
Where would your secret superhero hideout be ?
How would your hideout look like ?
If you were to choose any superhero to become your sidekick, who would it be ?
If you were to choose any superhero as your enemy, who would it be ?
If you were to assemble a new superhero team, which superheroes would you include in them ?
What would your superhero car look like ?
Would you rather live a normal life or a weird life ?
Would you sacrifice yourself to save other people ?
If you were to found out your loved one is a evil mastermind, would you stop them or join their side ?
Are you a psychic in any way ?
Most embarrassing thing to happen to you ?
Funniest thing to happen to you ?
Scariest thing to happen to you ?
Best thing to happen to you ?
What your shoe size is ?
What is your favourite outfit ?
Do you prefer to wear eastern or western ?
What are your favourite type of shoes ?
Are you a good actor ?
Are you a good liar ?
Do you prefer to live alone or with someone ?
Your favourite job and why ?
What the scariest thing you’ve done ?
Do you have any family secrets ?
Famous ancestors ?
What your hairstyle ?
What hairstyle do you like on the opposite gender ?
How do you look without makeup ?
What accessory on the opposite gender is a big turnoff ?
Do you know how to swim ?
Name of the highest building in your area ?
Are you afraid of heights ?
Have you ever gone parachuting or para - diving ?
If you were given chance to paradive or go parachuting, would you ?
Are you scared of the water ?
Have you ever been on a speedboat ?
Do you like traveling ?
Do you have a habit of getting sick during travelling ?
Best hotel you’ve lived at ?
Worst hotel you’ve lived at ?
Worst country you’ve been to ?
Best country you’ve been to ?
How is your country community ?
Do you see any tourists in your country ?
Post a picture of your country flag
If you were to design your country flag, how would it look like ?
Do you go outside alot or not? (excluding work, school etc)
Where do you prefer to go when going outside ?
Who makes plans most the times ? you or your friends ?
What sport you don’t know how to play, but want to learn ?
Where do you see yourself in 1 month ?
Where do you see yourself in 1 year ?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years ?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years ?
Where do you see yourself in 20 years ?
Where do you see yourself in 30 years ?
Where do you see yourself in 50 years ?
If you could switch families, would you ?
Are you close to your family or not?
If you were given chance to join politics, would you ?
If you were given chance to change your country national anthem, what would it be ?
What foreign country do you dislike the most ?
What country do you like the most ?
If you were to run away from your family, where would you run off too ?
If you were in trouble, who would you go to first ?
Who your crime partner ?
Do you know how to keep secrets ?
What do you prefer to waste most of your money on ?
If you were to be deserted, what 3 items would you take with yourself ?
Would you be ready to sacrifice yourself for your family or not?
If a family member, friend or a hot female were about to fall of a cliff and you could only save one.Who would it be ?
If you could eliminate one social network from the site, which one would it be and why ?
Your favourite social networking site ?
Your least favourite social networking site ?
If you were to make a social networking site of your own, what would it be about ?
If you could make changes to any social network, what would it be ?
Your most liked picture on Facebook ?
Your least liked picture on Facebook ?
Your most sexiest picture ?
Your most funniest photo ?
Your most embarrasing photo ?
If you could take a picture with any celebrity, who would it be ?
Would you cheat on your partner with your favourite celebrity if gotten the chance ?
What annoys you ?
What embarrases you ?
How much frequently do you get ill ?
What the longest you’ve been ill ?
What was the cause of you being ill ?
Do you fake illness sometimes to avoid going to school or work ?
What the shortest time you’ve been ill ?
Worst disease you’ve gotten ?
Do you have a family doctor or visit random doctors ?
Are there any diseases that run in your family ?
If yes, which ?
Longest you’ve been on bedrest ?
What do you usually do when you’re ill ?
Do you tend to google your problems ?
Google or Doctor ?
Ever had a bad accident ?
If yes, how ?
How many times you’ve had accidents in your life ?
Have you ever seen someone die right infront of your eyes ?
If yes, how did they die ?
Have you ever harmed your self ?
Have you ever tried to attempt sucide ?
If yes, why ?
Have you ever faced depression
If yes, why ?
Do you prefer therapists or friends ?
Something that most people don’t know about you ?
Do likes on social networks matter to you or not?
If you were to become instantly famous on any social network, which one would it be ?
What social network would you wanna avoid ?
If you could talk to any celebrity on social network, who would it be ?
Your opinions on sexting ?
If you were to catch your partner cheating, what would be your reaction ?
Do you prefer friends over family or family over friends ?
What do you think is the greatest invention and why ?
Are you more of a friendly or a rude person ?
Do you prefer countryside or the city ?
If you were a farmer, what would you grow ?
If you had a chance to move to the countryside away from city, would you ?
If so, why ?
Do you think countryside or city is better ?
Why ?
How do you usually start conversations ?
When it comes to socializing, are you the one to start convos first or them ?
Are you awkward ?
How would you approach your crush ?
Why is your crush your crush ?
Ways to your heart ?
Do you think any kind of afterlife exists ?
What do you think happens after death ?
What the strangest dream you’ve had ?
What the scariest dream you’ve had ?
What do you usually dream about ?
Do you discuss your dreams with other people ?
Have you ever had a dream that came true later on ?
What do you think about dreams ?
How much do you cry ?
Are you sensitive ?
How many emails do you usually get everyday ?
How many texts do you get usually get everyday ?
How many calls do you usually get everyday ?
Do you prefer to speak on call or texting ?
What your favourite instant messaging app ?
Do you backup your texts or delete them ?
Do you usually delete photos in your phone or keep them ?
If so, how do you keep them safe ?
our secrets with ?
Are you able to keep other peoples secrets ?
If you were asked to tell all your bestfriend secrets at gunpoint, would you ?
What the most money you’ve ever held ?
What the most money you’ve spent in a single day ?
What the most expensive thing you’ve bought in your whole life ?
What the most cheapest thing you’ve bought ?
Where do you usually buy your clothes from ?
What the most expensive clothes you bought ?
What the most cheapest clothes you’ve bought ?
Best brand ?
Worst brand ?
Your top 5 favourite brands ?
If you could invest in any brand, which brand would you invest on ?
Are you obsessed about undergarments ?
Describe your best undergarment
Where do you usually buy your undergarments from ?
Why is it that women are comfortable with men looking at them in bikini, but not in undergarments ?
Do you prefer cheap or expensive clothes ?
Jeans or trousers ?
Do you prefer modest or revealing clothes ?
Eastern or western clothes ?
Post a picture of your makeup
Name of the makeup brand you usually buy ?
What the most expensive make up you’ve bought ?
What the cheapest make up you’ve bought ?
Post a picture of you in makeup
Post a picture of you without makeup
Do you wear wakeup to school or not?
Post a picture of you in your funniest shirt
Post a picture of you in your best shirt
Post a picture of you in your worst shirt
If you could shop from one brand for free forever, which one would it be ?
If you were given a wish to bankrupt one company, which company would you bankrupt ?
Where do you usually buy your accessories from ?
What kind of accessories do you wear usually ?
Post a picture of your ring
Post a picture of your necklace
Post a picture of your shoes
Post a picture of your earings
What the most money you’ve given away ?
Do you spend money on your friends ?
If so, how much usually ?
Do your friends spend money on you ?
What the most expensive gift you’ve bought for someone ?
What the most expensive gift you’ve recieved ?
What the cheapest gift you’ve received ?
Has your gift ever been rejected ?
What game do you prefer to play 21 questions or truth or dare ?
What questions do you usually ask a person to get to know them ?
Would you rather forgive or take revenge ?
Are you good at forgiving people ?
Have you ever done something bad to anyone that you regret ?
Has you ever experienced Karma ?
If so, how ?
Do you celebrate birthdays ?
How did you celebrate your previous birthday ?
Plans for your next birthday ?
Have you ever been surprised for your birthday ?
What was the best gift you recieved on your birthday ?
What was the worse gift you recieved on your birthday ?
How do you usually celebrate your birthdays ?
What do you usually gift others on their birthday ?
If you were to own a shop, what would you sell ?
Have you ever crushed on someone else during a relationship ?
How would you react if you and your partner were to breakup ?
How long does it take you to get ready ?
What type of holidays do you prefer ?
What was your greatest day and why ?
Do you prefer eastern or western food ?
What is your favourite eastern food ?
What is your favourite western food ?
Favourite fast food ?
How much do you eat fast food ?
Do you like salad or not?
How healthy is your diet ?
Do you prefer to eat at home or dine outside ?
How much money do you usually spend on food everyday ?
Are you obsessed about food ?
What kind of food do you hate ?
What do you like for deserts ?
Favourite shake ?
Any family secret recipes ?
What do you think is Kentucky secret ?
Do you know how to cook ?
If so, what food can you cook ?
The most delicious food you’ve ever cooked ?
The worst food you’ve ever cooked ?
Do you prefer to eat your own cooked food or food cooked by others ?
Have you ever spotted an insect in your food ?
The worst food you’ve tasted ?
The best food you’ve tasted in life ?
What your favourite restaurant name ?
Favourite cheapest dish there ?
Favourite expensive dish there ?
Which restaurant do you prefer to date at ?
Pizza hut or Dominos ?
Prefer take away or dining in ?
McDonalds or Burger King ?
KFC or Rooster Chicken ?
Favourite local restaurant ?
Favourite franchise to dine at ?
Cut chicken or whole chicken ?
Pizza or lasagna ?
Pepsi or Coke ?
Biryani or Karahi ?
Korma or Nihari ?
What beverage do you prefer to drink with your food ?
In your city, how much can you get with 1$ only ?
What meat do you eat ?
Meats you don’t eat ?
What kind of food do you try to avoid eating ?
What food are you allergic to ?
What deserts do you know how to make ?
What do you don’t know how to cook, but want to learn ?
Where did you learn how to cook from ?
Where do you usually get your recipes from ?
Do you showoff the food you make by posting pictures of them on social networks ?
What did you eat last time ?
Post a picture of what you’re about to eat right now ?
Post a picture of your most delicious food ?
Favourite biscuits ?
Tea with or without biscuits ?
Biscuits or cookies ?
Milk with or without cookies ?
Favourite sweets ?
Favourite cake ?
What cake do you usually celebrate birthday with ?
If you were given an opportunity to join MasterChef, would you ?
If you were to join MasterChef, would you win or lose ?
Who would you like your judge to be on MasterChef ?
If you could become a chef at any restaurant, which one would it be ?
If you were to make your own restaurant, who would you hire as your restaurant chef ?
Do you like spicy or non - spicy foods ?
What the most spicest thing you’ve ever ate in your life ?
What the most saltish thing you’ve ever ate in your life ?
What the most disgusting thing you’ve ever ate in your life ?
Have you ever ate a bug or any insect by mistake ?
What would your reaction be if you were to find an insect on your food ?
If you were deserted and had nothing to eat but insects, would you eat them ?
What is your favourite fruit ?
What is your least favourite fruit ?
What is your favourite vegetable ?
What is your least favourite vegetable ?
Do you prefer to eat food with or without ketchup ?
Ketchup or mayonnaise ?
Do you put ketchup over your fries or by their side ?
Your favourite oily food ?
Do you like barbeque ?
If so, what barbeque do you usually eat ?
Favourite crisps ?
Favourite crisps flavour ?
Pringles or Walkers or Lays ?
Crisps or fried chips ?
If you were to make your own crisps, what brand name would you give them ?
Do you prefer to eat silently or whilst talking ?
Do you prefer to eat with TV On or Off ?
What do you usually eat at Buffets or Weddings ?
Do you prefer Buffets or table service ?
Have you ever crashed a wedding ?
Have you ever been caught whilst crashing a wedding ?
Who would you ask to cater for your wedding ?
What food would you have placed on your wedding ?
If you were to spot someone crashing your wedding, what would be your reaction ?
Any family traditions when it comes to weddings ?
How long does it usually take you to cook food ?
Do you usually make good or bad food ?
Have you ever put salt instead of sugar ?
Coffee or Tea ?
A dish one should eat before dying ?
If you were able to teach everyone one dish, which one would it be ?
If you had the power to instantly cook any one food, what would it be ?
What is something that you can eat everyday without getting bored ?
If you had to eat one category of food for the rest of your life, what would you choose ? (Meat, vegetables, fruits etc)
Meat or Vegetables ?
Vegetables or Fruits ?
What do you usually order at McDonalds ?
What do you usually order at KFC ?
If you could relive any moment in the past, what would it be and why ?
How would you want your honeymoon to be ?
How would you want your first date to be ?
Qualities you’d like in your boyfriend  girlfriend ?
Qualities you’d like in your husband  wife ?
How many relationships have you had ?
Most amount of time you’ve been in a relationship ?
Least amount of time you’ve been in a relationship ?
If you were given a chance to patchup with your ex, would you ?
How much time does it take you to get over someone ?
Longest time it took you to get over someone ?
Shortest time it took you to get over someone ?
Do you still have feelings for anyone from your past ?
If so, who ?
Would you be ready to marry a stripper ?
Do you prefer looks or personality ?
Do you prefer money or looks ?
What your favourite children story ?
What was your favourite holiday ?
What or who do you think about the most whole day ?
If you had a warning label attached to your head, what would it say ?
Where would your dream holiday be ?
What your favourite sport ?
Who your favourite athlete ?
Would you like children ?
Thoughts on cousin marriages ?
Would you be ready to adopt a child ?
Who would you want your children to look like ?
If you were to get a daughter, what would you name her ?
If you were to get a son, what would you name her ?
Would you prefer a son or a daughter ?
What do you dislike about your spouse ?
What do you dislike about your BF / GF ?
If you were forced to marry someone by your parents, what would be your reaction ?
Arranged marriaged or love marriage ? Which one do you prefer and why ?
Best way to your heart ?
What flatters you easily ?
Do you believe in 2nd chances ?
If someone was to break 2nd chance, would you give them more chances ?
Do you get easily flattered by compliments or not?
How many compliments do you recieve usually ?
What is your favourite pickup line ?
What is the worst pickup line according to you ?
Has anyone used any pickup line on you, if so which one ?
The worst pickup line to be used on you ?
Do you believe pickup lines work ?
Do you prefer relationships or one night stands ?
What is your opinion on relationships ?
Maximum age difference between partners should be ?
Do you prefer a younger or older partner ?
Would you settle for a person with financial problems ?
Do you support your partner ?
Would you break up a couple for your own reasons ?
Would you have an affair with a married person ?
Your views on cheater ?
If your partner who you extremely love was to be disloyal, would you break up with her ?
What do you do not allow your partner to do ?
How much supportive is your partner ?
How would you react if your partner was to cheat on you ?
Would you cheat on your partner deliberately ?
Who would you want to lose your virginity to ?
What do you think is considered cheating in a relationship ?
What is a healthy relationship according to you ?
If you were to cheat on your partner, would you tell them ?
Are you religious ?
How much do you swear around people ?
What kind of TV shows do you like ?
If you were homosexual, who would you choose as your life partner ?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be ?
Have you ever been arrested ?
If you’ve been arrested, what was the reason ?
Have you ever been admitted in a hospital ?
Worst accident you’ve ever had ?
If you could do anything illegal without getting arrested, what would it be ?
Have you ever done something heroic ?
Have you ever saved someone life ?
Any regrets ?
Have you ever been on TV ?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be ?
Do you prefer to be alone or with people ?
Have you met any celebrities, if so which ?
Biggest prank you’ve played on someone ?
Biggest prank someone played on you ?
Have you done anything in life to be proud of ?
Have you ever been famous, if so how and where ?
Money, love or luck.Which one would you choose ?
What genre is your favourite ?
How many pillows do you sleep with ?
What position in bed do you sleep ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ?
How big is your house ?
Do you believe in karma ?
Ever gotten revenge on anybody ?
What do you wear to bed ?
If no one cared about what you wore, what would you wear outside ?
Have you ever fired a gun ?
What your favourite compliment ?
What your favourite cussword ?
What word do you say the most ?
What word do you say the least ?
What was the last movie you saw ?
Who your favourite female actor ?
Who your favourite male actor ?
What your favourite movie quote ?
What your favorite movie sequel ?
If you were to make a movie, where would you make it ?
If you could remake any movie, which one would it be ?
If you were to remake a movie, what actors would you cast ?
If you were to replace a character in your favourite movie, who would you replace with who ?
Under rated actor who deserves to be famous in your opinion ?
Who your favourite celebrity with the same birthday or name as you ?
What your favorite movie beginning with the letter A ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter B ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter C ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter D ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter E ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter F ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter G ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter H ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter I ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter J ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter K ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter L ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter M ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter N ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter O ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter P ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter S ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter Q ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter V ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter X ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter Y ?
What your fav movie beginning with the letter Z ?
What movie would you wish to come to life ?
Movies you think one should watch before dying ?
Favourite actor who has not won a oscar yet ?
Favourite cartoon ?
Favourite cartoon character ?
Any cartoon character that you had a crush on ?
Which cartoon character resembles you the most ?
Which cartoon did you used to watch the most ?
Your least favourite cartoon ?
Your favourite cartoon movie ?
Do you watch talent shows ?
If yes, which ?
Do you watch comedy shows ?
If yes, which ?
Comedy shows or Talent shows ?
If you were to make a talent show of your own, what would it be about ?
Do you watch Reality shows ?
If yes, which ?
Your opinion on reality shows ?
If you were given a chance to star in a reality show, would you ?
Do you watch dramas ?
If yes, which ?
How I met your Mother or Friends ?
Who was your favourite character in how I met your mother ?
Who was your favourite character in Friends ?
If you were given a chance to star in any tv show, which one would it be ?
Do you prefer shows with a good storyline or just good looking cast ?
How many episodes do you usually watch everyday ?
What the longest amount of TV episodes you’ve watched in a day ?
How long does it take you to complete a show ?
How long does it take you to complete one season ?
Do you prefer TV shows or Movies ?
If you could make the whole world watch one tv show of your choice, which tv show would it be ?
If you could make the whole world watch one movie of your choice, which movie would it be ?
What movie would you never wish to come to life ?
Do you believe in supernatural stuff such as ghosts, demons etc ?
What came first, chicken or egg ?
If zombies or aliens were to invade your country, what would you do ?
Do you believe aliens exist, if so why ?
If someone was to make a movie about your life, what would be it movie title ?
What horror movie scared you the most ?
What comedy movie made you laugh the most ?
If you were given the chance to date a celebrity while in a relation, would you ditch your partner for the celeb ?
If you could live the life of any one celebrity in the world for a day, who would you choose and why ?
Your least favourite celebrity ?
If you could watch one tv series all over again from the start, which one would you watch ?
If you could forget a movie and be able to watch it all over again, which one would it be ?
If someone was to make a movie about you, which celebrity would you pick to play as you ?
If you could sleep with any celebrity, who would it be and why ?
What football team do you support ?
If you could change any movie endings, which one would it be ?
If you were to make your own football team, what would you name it ?
If you were to pick any 10 players from any football team in the world for your team, who would you pick ?
What your favourite stadium ?
What your favourite board game ?
Do you prefer UNO or Monopoly ?
Do you usually win or lose at board games ?
Do you prefer to play virtual games or board games ?
Do you know how to play chess ?
If you could play your favourite board game with anyone in the world, who would it be ?
Do you think board games depend more on luck or skills ?
What your lucky number ?
Do you have any favourite objects ? if so, what is it ?
What is the most valuable object you have in your home ?
Have you ever stolen anything ?
Have you ever had something precious stolen from you ?
What is your favourite song and why ?
Do you have any song that relates to your partner, if so what is it ?
What song relates the most to your life ?
What instrument you don’t know how to play, but want to learn ?
What your favourite musical
If you were to make a music video, who would you cast ?
If you were to make a music video, where would you shoot the video ?
Do you listen to music for their lyrics or for the music ?
Who your favourite rapper ?
If you could bring any dead singer back to life, who would it be ?
Which singer do you hate the most and why ?
If you were to sing a song, what would it be about ?
Your opinion on disney singers ?
Selena Gomez or Taylor Swift ?
Zac Efron or Ian Somerhalder ?


What is your favourite club song ?
What is your favourite driving music ?
What is your favourite music to listen to for relaxation ?
What song would you like to be played on your wedding ?
What was the first song you danced to ?
What was the first song you danced to with your partner ?
What was the first song you ever listened to ?
What is your favourite breakup song ?
What is your favourite emotional song ?
What is your favourite rock song ?
What song do you listen to for motivation ?
If you could attend any singer live, who would it ?
If you were to get free ticket to take anyone with you to a music concert, who would it be ?
The most embarrasing song ?
The funniest song you’ve ever heard ?
Ever been to a live concert ?
Which music instruments do you know how to play ?
Are you a good or bad student ?
Who your favourite teacher ?
Have any of your teachers / classmates ever been involved in any scandals ?
Ever had a crush on any of your teachers ?
Would you date your teacher if you had the chance ?
What your favourite subject ?
What your least favourite subject ?
What subject are you the most good at ?
Any foreign languages you’ve learnt at school ?
Were you active or inactive at school ?
Which country would you love to study at ?
How would you rate your country education ?
Favourite scientist and why ?
Least favourite scientist and why ?
Favourite person that changed the whole world ?
The best invention that changed the whole world ?
Were you bullied at school ?
Were you popular in school ?
How many people did you date in school ?
Favourite memory from school ?
Least favourite memory from school ?
Did you ever cry in school and why ?
If your teacher was to hit you, how would you respond ?
Do you think hitting students for discipline is acceptable ?
What kind of person were you at school ? Nerdy, intelligent etc
If you could live the life of any historical person, who would it be ?
Have you ever made someone cry ?
If you were to be offered full scholarship for any university, which one would it be ?
What the worst thing you’ve done in school ?
Were your parents ever called by the school.If so, for what reason ?
What was your teacher impressions on you ?
What were your classmate impression on you ?
If you got accepted into Hogwarts, would you go or not?
What was your favourite activity at school ?
What do you prefer to do most of the time at school ?
Business, Arts, Engineering or Medical.Which one do you prefer and why ?
Are you happy with the course you are taking right now ?
If your parents were to force you to study something you’re not interested in, what would be your reaction ?
If you could study only one subject for life, which one would it be ?
If you could get rid of one subject from this world permanently, which one would it be ?
Do you think school is useful or not?
Are you able to study at school ?
Are you popular in school ?
If someone was to bully a classmate, would you stand up for him ?
If your classmate was to do something bad in school, would you snitch on him to the teacher ?
Have you ever snitched on anyone in school ?
Things you dislike about your institute ?
Things you like about your institute ?
If you could swap institute, which one would it be ?
Are you happy with the current institute you’re going too ? If no, why ?
If you could swap teachers, who would you swap them with and why ?
What do you usually do at break time ?
Most memorable moment at school ?
If you go on a field trip with your whole class to anywhere, where would you go ?
Are you still in contact with friends from your previous institutes(kindergarten, primary etc) ?
If you were offered to skip a grade, would you ?
Did you fake ill to avoid school ?
What the best excuse you’ve used to avoid school ?
What the worst excuse you’ve used to avoid school ?
Did your teachers believe you or not?
Did you do your homework / assignments on time ?
If not, what excuses did you make up to get away ?
Have you ever put the blame on someone else and got them in trouble ?
Have you ever took blame for someone else, getting you in trouble ?
Have you done anything illegal in school that teachers never found out ?
How would you describe your teachers ?
How would you describe your school ?
How would you describe your school community ?
Were you close to your teachers or not?
Were you on students or teachers side ?
Have you ever became a school counselor, prefect or captain in school ?
What house were you in at school ?
Which life do you prefer more ? school, high school or university life ?
If you were to become head principal of your school for a day, what changes would you make to it ?
If you were given the power to suspend anyone from school, who would you suspend ?
Would you love to teach at your school in the future ?
Thoughts on your juniors ?
Thoughts on your seniors ?
Who do you get along with more ? Your class or the other classes ?
Biggest achievement in school ?
Do you prefer co education or same sex schools and why ?
Is your school co education or same sex ?
What your dream university ?
If you found out you have been accepted into a big university such as Harvard or MIT, what would be your reaction ?
Did you used bunk classes ?
If so, where did you go during bunk ?
Have you ever been caught bunking classes ?
What was your attendance rate in school ?
Were there any illegal organizations in your institute ?
If you were asked to join a gang in school, would you ?
If you get bullied, who do you usually go to ?
Do you tell your parents about your school life or not?
If you could change any one thing about your institute, what would it be ?
If you were allowed a freepass to do anything illegal in school, what would you do ?
How far is your institute from your home ?
How do you go to school everyday ?
Do you prefer to walk to school or take public transport ?
What is the punishment for coming late to class ?
If you found out you had to repeat grade, what would your reaction be ?
If you were given a wish to get A on any one subject, which subject would you choose ?
If you were forced to get a F on only one subject, which subject would you choose ?
Which subject do you think is useful and why ?
Which subject do you think is useless and why ?
Do you prefer teaching or studying ?
How good of a teacher are you when it comes to teaching your classmates ?
If you were to gain full knowledge of any scientist, whose would it be ?
How much do you pay for your institute ?
Do you prefer Xbox or Playstation ?
If you had to choose between xbox or playstation to recieve for this christmas, which one would you pick ?
What the most expensive game you’ve bought ?
What the most cheapest game you’ve bought ?
Worst game you’ve played ?
Best game you’ve played ?
Most addictive game you’ve played ?
Most hardest game you’ve played ?
Most scariest game you’ve played ?
Most funniest game you’ve played ?
If you could live the life of any video game character, who would it be and why ?
The most attractive video game character ?
The least attractive video game character ?
If you could bring any video game character to life to be your companion, who would it be and why ?
If you could date any video game character, who would it be ?
If you could bring one dead character back into the game, who would it be ?
If you could kill one character in a game, who would it be ?
Do you prefer to play as female or male in videogames ?
What do you prefer, social life or games ?
If you could live in any video - game world, which one would it be and why ?
Are there any videogame which relates to your life ?
If you were to make a game, what would it be about ?
Would you want a proffesional gaming career ?
Thoughts on earning money from playing games ?
If you could only play one videogame for the rest of your life, which one would it be ?
If you could improve any video game, how would you improve it ?
If you could combine 3 video game worlds, which ones would you combine ?
If you were to make all your favourite video game characters fight each other, who would win ?
Your favorite antagonist and protagonist ?
What your favourite role playing game ?
What your favourite sandbox game ?
Favourite GTA game and why ?
Do you prefer FIFA or FIFA street ?
Least favourite GTA game and why ?
Favourite Halo game ?
Favourite call of duty game ?
Favourite protagonist in call of duty ?
Favourite antagonist in call of duty ?
Battlefield or Call of duty ?
Favourite game you like to play online ?
World of Warcraft or Runescape ?
LoL or Dota ?
Burnout or forza ?
What gaming genre is your favourite ? (Driving, sports, shooting etc.)
What impact has videogames had on you ?
Do you believe in PG ratings ?
Would you allow your children or younger siblings to play violent games ?
What impact do you think video games has had on the youth ?
How would your life be like without video games ?
Do you like realistic or unrealistic games ?
Do you prefer fantasy games over realistic games ?
What is the most gruesome game you’ve played ?
What is your favourite stealth game ?
If you could gain skills of any videogame character, who would it be ?
How much time do you spend everyday playing video games ?
Why do you play videogames ?
Do you prefer playing online or split screen with two controllers ?
When you play split screen games, who do you usually play with ?
What is your favourite mode in Call of Duty ? (Search & Destroy, capture the flag etc)
Free to play or pay to play games ?
Do you prefer to play games with cheats or without cheats ?
If you could use a cheat in real life, what cheat would it be ?
How do you remember game cheats ?
Do you try to remember game cheats or write them down on paper ?
What difficulty do you like to play games in usually ?
Would you play a game over again after finishing it ?
How many times have you completed the same game ?
How many games do you think you’ve completed so far ?
If you were to play only one game series for the rest of your life, which one would it be ?
If you could kill one main character from a game, who would it be and why ?
Do you support villain or hero ?
Favourite assassin creed character ?
Favourite assassin creed villain ?
Favourite assassin creed protoganist ?
Which assassin creed game did you like the most and why ?
Which assassin creed game you liked the least and why ?
Do you think games can be educational ?
How much money have you spent on videogames so far ?
What is your favourite zombie videogame ?
Left 4 dead or Resident evil ?
GTA or Saints Row ?
La Noire or Sleeping dogs ?
Skyrim or Oblivion ?
Need for speed or Burnout ?
What team do you usually pick when playing FIFA ?
What car do you usually pick when playing a street racing game ?
Your favorite quote from a game ?
What game do you think deserves a movie ?
Which game did you used to play in your childhood ?
What your favourite arcade game ?
What your favourite first person shooting game ?
What your favourite third person shooting game ?
Do you play any game that you’re embarrassed to tell others about ?
Social life or Gaming ?
Would you pick your girlfriend or gaming ?
What games do you have installed in your phone ?
What is the most annoying game you’ve ever played ?
What game do you usually play on your phone to pass time ?
Do you think people who play games on phone deserve to be called “gamers” ?
What is your favorite game to play on phone ?
What is your least favorite game to play on phone ?
Your top 5 favourite games on phone ?
Favourite single player game on phone ?
Favourite online game on phone ?
What was the first video game you played ?
What was the first game you played on console ?
What was the first game you played on mobile ?
At what age did you start gaming ?
What was the first console you bought ?
Who do you prefer to play games with ?
Favourite browser game ?
What was your least favourite browser game ?
Favorite game on Facebook ? (Farmville, cityville etc)
Favourite soundtrack in videogame ?
When playing a game, do you prefer to do missions or just roam around ?
How much time does it usually take you to complete a game ?
If you could play as one GTA character only forever, who would it be ?
What is your favourite cheat in GTA ?
What car do you prefer to drive in GTA ?
Hardest mission you’ve done in GTA ?
Easiest mission you’ve done in GTA ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter A ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter B ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter C ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter D ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter E ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter F ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter G ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter H ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter I ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter J ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter K ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter L ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter M ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter N ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter O ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter P ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter S ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter Q ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter V ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter X ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter Y ?
What your favourite game beginning with the letter Z ?
Do you usually win or lose when playing against friends ?
What are your parents inputs on you gaming ?
What type of games do you like to play with your partner ?
Do you enjoy sensor or controller games ?
If you could get any game for free, which one would it be ?
If you were to sell all your games, how much money do you think you’d make ?
What expensive game have you regretted buying ?
Where do you prefer to buy your videogames from ?
Do you like taking turns to play when it comes to gaming ?
What is your reaction when you lose a game ?
What is your reaction when you win a game ?
Do you prefer to game alone or with someone else ?
Does gaming run in your genes ?
How has gaming changed your life ?
How do you think your life without gaming be like ?
Do you take part in gaming tournaments or not?
What game are you the best at ?
What game are you the worst at ?
What do you think makes a game successful ?
If you could remake one game, which one would it be and how would you remake it ?
Your favourite phone ?
What mobile model are you using at the moment ?
Your favourite mobile brand ?
Your favourite local mobile brand ?
Your favourite foreign mobile brand ?
Favourite under rated mobile ?
Least favourite over rated mobile ?
Samsung or Apple ?
If you could get any phone for free, which one would it be ?
If you had the opportunity to switch your phone with a less better version but better brand, would you switch ?
What impact do you think phone have had on the world ?
Life without smartphone be like ?
Have you ever did a prank call on anyone ?
If so, who and how did you prank them ?
What was their reaction ?
Have you ever been prank called ?
What was your reaction ?
Favourite smartphone logo ?
Your favourite iphone ?
Your favourite samsung phone ?
Your favourite motorola phone ?
Do you prefer iOS, Android or Windows ?
What is your phone OS ?
Where do you usually download your apps from ?
Have you ever made an app of your own ?
If so, what was the app about ?
If you were to make an app, what would it be about ?
How many apps do you usually download on a daily basis ?
How many apps do you have installed at the moment ?
Name 3 apps you use the most on your phone ?
Name 3 apps you’ve installed on your phone, but use the least ?
Worst app you’ve installed ?
Do you prefer free or paid apps ?
Have you bought any paid apps ?
If so which ?
Most expensive paid app you bought and were you satisfied with it ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter A ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter B ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter C ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter D ?
What your favourite mobile appbeginning with the letter E ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter F ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter G ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter H ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter I ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter J ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter K ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter L ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter M ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter N ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter O ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter P ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter S ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter Q ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter V ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter X ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter Y ?
What your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter Z ?
How do you usually take your photos ? (With camera, phone ? etc)
What software do you use to backup your photos ?
Total number of photos you’ve in your gallery ?
Do you password protect your phone ?
If you do, why so ?
How do you usually share stuff on your phone ? Via bluetooth or Internet ?
Have you any hidden files on your phone ?
If so, what are they ?
What do you usually do on your phone ?
Do you prefer PC or Phone ?
If you could use only PC or Phone for the rest of the life, what would you pick ?
What operating system do you use on your PC ?
Favourite windows ?
Least - favourite windows ?
Mac or Windows ?
Linux or Windows ?
What changes would you like to make to your current operating system ?
What are your computer specs ?
What do you usually do on PC ?
Do you prefer PC or console for gaming ?
If you were to use only one operating system for the rest of your life, what would it be ?
If you were to invent an OS of your own, how would it be like ?
If you were to make changes to a OS, what would they be ?
If you were to rename a OS, what would they be ?
Tabs or smartphones and why ?
How many hours do you use your phone on a daily basis ?
Do you regret using your phone that much ?
What positive impact do you think phone has had on everyone ?
What negative impact do you think phone has had on everyone ?
If you were to invent a smartphone of your own, how would it be like ?
What would you name your own smartphone ?
How much would you price your phone ?
How much did you buy your current smartphone for ?
Your thoughts on the prices of smartphones, whether they’re fair prices or not?
Do you buy phones based on their looks or how they work ?
Post a picture of your phone cover ?
What type of cover do you use ?
Is your phone protected ?
What type of password your phone has ?
Where do you usually get your music from ?
How many songs are in your phone playlist ?
Where do you stream music videos ?
Subway Surfer or Temple Run ?
Highest score you’ve achieved on Subway surfer ?
Highest score you’ve achieved on Temple run ?
Do you prefer music in mp3 or video format ?
Which singer songs you’ve the most on your phone ?
Any embarrassing thing you have on your phone that you don’t want others to know ?
At what age did you start using phone ?
Whatsapp or Facebook Messenger ?
Viber or Skype ?
Instagram or Snapchat ?
Twitter or Facebook ?
Highest likes you’ve got on Instagram ?
Highest retweets / favourites you’ve got on Twitter ?
Highest followers you’ve got on any social networking ?
Where do you usually get your tweets from ?
Apart from socializing, what else do you use Facebook for ?
Apart from viewing / uploading photos on Instagram, what do you use it for ?
If you were to recieve a call from an unknown number, would you attend it ?
If someone annoys you on phone, who do you usually go to ?
What SIM do you use ?
What packages do you use on phone ?
How much data do you spend everyday usually ?
Maximum data you’ve spent ?
What do you usually spend your data on ?
What app do you use the most on your phone ?
What app do you use the least on your phone ?
Do you take care of your phone or not?
How many times have your phone fell but survived ?
How many times have you broken your phone ?
How many times have you cracked the screen ?
How many phones have you bought in your lifetime ?
What phone have you used the longest ?
What phone have you used the least time ?
Any phone you bought but regret buying it ?
How many mega - pixels is your phone camera ?
If you could call one person for the rest of your life only, who would it be ?
Do you remember your own number ?
Who numbers do you remember apart from your own ?
How do you memorize your numbers ?
Have you ever been stuck in a bad situation but had no phone ?
How many signal bars do you usually get in your room ?
What service provider do you think is the best and why so ?